Update README.md (#2218)
obophenotype/cell-ontology: README.md

# Cell Ontology 

This repository contains the source for the Cell Ontology. Most users do not need to edit content in this repo directly.  However we are happy to train new editors.

<b>Request changes to the ontology</b><br>

> We welcome edit requests from anyone - especially if you plan to use the Cell Ontology for annotation.  To request a new term, please use our [new term request template](https://github.com/obophenotype/cell-ontology/issues/new?assignees=&labels=new+term+request&projects=&template=a_adding_term.md&title=%5BNTR%5D). For any other requests please choose one of our [other templates](https://github.com/obophenotype/cell-ontology/issues/new/choose)), or open a blank ticket.  If you wish to request a set of related terms, you may use a [MIRACL sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FBbarq3aCM3CUGd9oIOuYY5Sljzt2Pegl-sdx8OwbfI/edit#gid=0) ([Lubiana _et al_., 2022](https://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09673)) - linked from a ticket with a general description of the requested set of terms. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome edit requests from anyone - especially if you plan to use the Cell Ontology for annotation.  To request a new term, please use our [new term request template](https://github.com/obophenotype/cell-ontology/issues/new?assignees=&labels=new+term+request&projects=&template=a_adding_term.md&title=%5BNTR%5D). For any other requests please choose one of our [other templates](https://github.com/obophenotype/cell-ontology/issues/new/choose)), or open a blank ticket.  If you wish to request a set of related terms, you may link a [MIRACL sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FBbarq3aCM3CUGd9oIOuYY5Sljzt2Pegl-sdx8OwbfI/edit#gid=0) ([Lubiana _et al_., 2022](https://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09673)) to a ticket containing a general description of the requested set of terms. 
```
